Undo removal of run.js (#866)
purescript/spago: CHANGELOG.md

- Make `spago bundle-app` and `spago bundle-module` use esbuild and es modules for projects >= v0.15
- Make `spago run` use es modules for projects >= v0.15 

Bugfixes

> - Undo removing `run.js` as this does not work for cli programs.
> - Make spago escape filepaths so that spaces in paths are allowed
> - Fix adding experimental flag for node version 12
> - Remove support for node versions < 12 because they do not work with es modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix `spago run` and `spago run` to accept command line arguments correctly, by writing a JS file to run (#865, #866)
- Remove support for node versions older than 12.0.0 as they do not work with es modules (#866)
```
